Lucah Ueno: join me.
Lucah Ueno: And in my room alone.
Aaron Kim: Okay.
Lucah Ueno: Okay i'm done.
Lucah Ueno: Okay, can you hear me, can you talk.
Lucah Ueno: yeah i'm talking right now oh it's this you can you're not connected to the audio.
Aaron Kim: Tourists asner is connecting to audio and cannot.
Lucah Ueno: hear you oh turn saturated can you hear me now.
Lucah Ueno: yeah okay nice Okay, can you talk some light.
Lucah Ueno: yeah.
Therese Schachner: I can talk.
Therese Schachner: Well how's.
Lucah Ueno: how's your week.
Therese Schachner: Okay sorry I was like getting confused because I have i've looked on headphones and look over cool so.
Lucah Ueno: I was just like oh.
i'll meet myself.
Therese Schachner: No.
Therese Schachner: No it's okay you're good you're good.
Lucah Ueno: No, I think.
Therese Schachner: you're good.
Therese Schachner: how's your week.
Lucah Ueno: yeah has your week.
Therese Schachner: Oh okay um it's been Okay, like a little slow is like just in between like assignments everything but it's gonna pick back up probably look around today or tomorrow.
Lucah Ueno: uh huh okay i'm gonna keep talking so, can you interrupt me and see what happens.
Therese Schachner: Okay.
Lucah Ueno: My name is Lucas.
Lucah Ueno: Hello nice to me yeah.
Lucah Ueno: Okay um okay let's have a silent moment.
Lucah Ueno: Okay um.
Therese Schachner: Okay, what else to do.
Therese Schachner: don't be rude.
Lucah Ueno: or like yeah.
Therese Schachner: hmm.
Lucah Ueno: back this homework.
Therese Schachner: I really don't like this team I don't like anyone on this team everyone on this team has been I don't want to help.
Lucah Ueno: Torres.
Lucah Ueno: you're such a bad team me.
Lucah Ueno: work harder.
Therese Schachner: you're even worse, you don't do anywhere.
Lucah Ueno: um.
Lucah Ueno: What else every track.
Therese Schachner: know what else what were the things you're gonna like keep track.
Lucah Ueno: that's God.
Therese Schachner: yeah, I guess, we could.
Therese Schachner: start with this for now yeah.
Okay.
Therese Schachner: So take a good like five hours of process.
Therese Schachner: yeah yeah okay good smart meeting.